renamed and deprecated Observations and Observations class for the gemini module (#1885)
astropy/astroquery: CHANGES.rst

Service fixes and enhancements
------------------------------

> observations

Reviewer: There should be two changelog entries, one under MAST and one under Gemeni.

Author: Would it be a good idea to assign the old name of the class to the new name
 e.g `ObservationsClass = GeminiObservationsClass()`
and leave a deprecation message such as **ObservationsClass is deprecated. Use GeminiObservationsClass instead **

Author: > This is a massive breaking change for users, we need to have a deprecation period where the old syntax still works but a deprecation message is displayed. Check out https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/api/astropy.utils.decorators.deprecated.html#astropy.utils.decorators.deprecated

Would it be a good idea to assign the old name of the class to the new name
`e.g ObservationsClass = GeminiObservationsClass()`
and display a deprecated message saying **ObservationsClass is deprecated. Use GeminiObservationsClass instead**

Reviewer 2: You can use this PR as an example for renaming and deprecating a class: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/pull/9445

Author: Nice! Thanks @bsipocz

Service fixes and enhancements
------------------------------

gemini
^^^^^^

> - Renamed and deprecated Observations and ObservationsClass in GEMINI module. [#1885]

Reviewer 2: this is nitpicking, so I only point out to show better practice: changelog should point out what has changed, and what the new solution is. No need to mention the module name in the changelog as the section above already contains that information. The backticks are to highlight the class names when rendered for the documentation.
```suggestion
- Renamed and deprecated ``Observations`` and ``ObservationsClass`` to ``GeminiObservations`` and ``GeminiObservationsClass`` . [#1885]
```

mast
^^^^

> - Renamed and deprecated Observations and ObservationsClass in MAST module. [#1885]

Reviewer 2: similarly
```suggestion
- Renamed and deprecated ``Observations`` and ``ObservationsClass`` to  ``MastObservations`` and ``MastObservationsClass``. [#1885]
```
